# SRI LANKA TEA BOARD

# CEYLON TEA

My Ref: AL-Pest/DG/O6

5th October, 2006

TO: ALL REGISTERED MANUFACTURES AND EXPORTERS OF TEA

Dear Sirs,

# Pest Control and Pesticide Use in Sri Lankan Tea Plantations

I am forwarding herewith an advise notice in respect of Integrated Pest Management (IPM) strategy on pesticide usage in tea plantations, issued by the Director, Tea Research Institute of Sri Lanka (TRI) for your immediate attention, follow up action and compliance purposes.

Any clarification needed in this matter, please be free to contact the Assistant Director (Laboratory) of the Sri Lanka Tea Board (Tel: 011-2581576) or the Director, TRI (051-2223802).

Yours truly,

HD HHHamarathe
Director General

# Copies:

1. Chairman, Sri Lanka Tea Board
2. Chairman, Tea Research Board
3. Director, Tea Research Institute of Sri Lanka
4. Tea Commissioner, Sri Lanka Tea Board
5. Deputy Director (Promotion), Sri Lanka Tea Board
6. Minister Counsellor, (Tea Promotion), Japan
7. Deputy Director (Technical), Sri Lanka Tea Board
8. Assistant Director (Laboratory), Sri Lanka Tea Board
9. Chairman, Tea Small Holdings Development Authority
10. Chairman, Colombo Tea Traders Association
11. Chairman, Tea Exporters Association
12. Chairman, Colombo Brokers Association
13. Chairman, Private Tea Factory Owners Association
14. Chairman, The Planters Association of Ceylon
15. Chairman, Tea Association of Sri Lanka

Telephone: 2582121, 2582122

Fax: 2589132

Email: teaboard@pureceylontea.com

Web Site: www.pureceylontea.com
# MINISTRY OF PLANTATION INDUSTRIES

# THE TEA RESEARCH INSTITUTE OF SRI LANKA

St. Coombs, Talawakelle, Sri Lanka

# TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN

# Pest Control and Pesticide Use in Sri Lankan Tea Plantations

Pest problems that cause economic damage to the Sri Lankan tea plantations could be categorised into insect pests, nematodes (eel worms), diseases and weeds. The Tea Research Institute (TRI) of Sri Lanka had been advising the tea growers to follow an Integrated Pest Management (IPM) strategy to overcome these problems and the same had been adopted by the tea growers. Chemical control of pests is an integral part of the IPM strategy. However, this is used as the last resort when environmentally friendly and often more economical other methods cannot control the problem to a satisfactory level.

Random analysis of Sri Lankan tea by independent organisations such as European Tea Committee (ETC) reveals that pesticide residue levels in Sri Lankan teas are well below the Maximum Residue Limits (MRL). Incidences of non-compliance are very rare and investigations reveal that this is mostly due to blending of Sri Lankan tea with teas of other origins.

Sri Lanka does not manufacture pesticides. When importing pesticides, the Registrar of Pesticides (ROP) implements very rigorous procedures, to prevent any hazardous chemicals being imported into the country. Sri Lanka had banned the use of almost all the problematic chemicals. Relevant government institutes (in the case of tea, the TRI) are also involved in the screening procedure, prior to granting permission to import/use pesticides. TRI currently recommends 31 chemicals to control weeds, pests and diseases in tea. All these chemicals were subjected to the screening procedure mentioned above. In addition, continuous reviewing is taking place to reduce the number of chemicals used or to replace the existing chemicals with newer generation less toxic chemicals with better efficacy.

Guidelines are given to the growers to achieve maximum efficacy and minimise the residues in made tea and to protect the users and the environment. With the introduction of new Food Sanitation Law in Japan, all stake-holders of the Sri Lankan tea industry are making efforts to ensure that Sri Lankan teas are in conformity with the new law, as Japan is a very important market for Sri Lanka. The Tea Research Institute (TRI), Sri Lanka Tea Board (SLTB), Tea Small Holdings Development Authority (TSHDA), Colombo Tea Traders Association (CTTA), Planters Association of Ceylon (PA) and the Registrar of Pesticides (ROP) are involved in this effort.

Contd..(2)

Contact Information:

|Chairman|051 2225157|
|---|---|
|Director General|051 2223802|
|Fax|052 2258201|
|E-mail|postmast@tri.ac.lk|
|Web|www.tri.lk|
# TRI Field Trials and Awareness Programs

TRI had already carried out field trials to find the levels of residues of 2,4-D and Glyphosate in made tea under Sri Lankan conditions. The residues were well below the levels stipulated in the new Japanese law.

Experiments are planned to find the residue levels in other chemicals as well. Experiments were also carried out to check whether there could be contamination of tea from the pesticides used in adjacent vegetable fields. Results revealed that there is no contamination.

TRI is also conducting awareness programmes to tea growers about the New Japanese Food Sanitation Law. Simultaneously, training programmes are also conducted to train the officers and workers on proper usage of agro-chemicals. These programmes are conducted for both small holder and large corporate sector as well in all tea growing (High, Medium and Low) regions in Sri Lanka. Special emphasis is placed on these programmes to use only the 31 agro-chemicals recommended by the TRI.

Dr M T Ziyad Mohamed

Director/Chief Executive Officer

Tea Research Institute of Sri Lanka