# ANn€x 4-() -0

812d

8o3) @2T ea8c 09 Jax 2304

# SRI LANKA TEA BOARD

574, Galle Road, Colombo 3, Sri Lanka

My Ref EA1/11O

6th January 2004

Ministry of Plantation Industries; Colombo Street

Secretary;

# UPGRADING OF TEA BOARD LABORATORY PHASE II (Microbiology) & PHASE III (Pesticides residues)

The Analytical Laboratory of Sri Lanka Tea Board was set up to meet certification requirements since its inception in Year 1986. Tea exporters as well as concerned parties in tea related industries have requested various tests during the past.

It has developed to meet global testing requirements including ISO 3720 International standards; a list of tests which are described in annexure 4 herein:

- Microbiological
- Chemical analysis

On Public Enterprises (COPE) meetings and Sector Review meetings at the Tea Ministry, the necessity of a State-of-the-Art Tea Testing Laboratory to cover chemical and pesticides residues analysis has been discussed at various forums.

To achieve that requirement, a firm proposal was established by a special task-oriented committee headed by the Director General SLTB. A quality policy (annexure 1) and the action plan (annexure 2) was established to meet the final goal.

In view of that, the committee recommended a total expenditure for the entire project estimated at 36 million Rupees and its 3 stages upgrading program flow through a three-year period from 2003 to 2005 (annexure 3).

# Expenditure Summary

|Phase|Phase I|Phase II|Phase III| |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|SLS Accreditation|Chemical (ISO 3720)|Microbiology| |Pesticides|
|Financial Commitment:|Manpower|430,000|400,000|450,000|
| |Equipment|2,570,000|2,600,000|29,550,000|
| |Total Cost|3,000,000|3,000,000|30,000,000|
|Period of Completion|31.12.2003|31.12.2004|31.12.2003| |

Phase I has performed 80% of its works by the end of Year 2003. Purchasing of capital items and laboratory interior work has already been completed. New recruitment will also be finalized before the month.