# TRANSLATION

# 03

BL _54 Sri Lanka Tea Board,

Tc a Comissionkr' 8 Div.

F. O. Box 363,

Colombo 1

20th January 1982

# TO: ALL REGISTERED TEA MANUFACTURERS

Dear Sir/Madam,

# Cost of Transport Of Green Leaf

Your reference is requested to paragraph 3 of my Circular; No.M / BL .,53 of 31st March; '1981.

I wish to inform you that the amount deductable as transport charges on green leaf collected by Tea Factories has now been fixed as follows:

1. A sum not exceeding 1.1 cents per kilogram (5 cts per pound) of green leaf transported when the distance to the factory is 8 kilometers (5 miles) and less.
2. A sum not exceeding 15 cents per kilogram (7 cts per pound) of green leaf transported when the distance to the factory is 16 kilometers (10 miles) and less.
3. A sum not exceeding 22 cents per kilogram (10 cts per pound) of green leaf transported when the distance is more than 16 kilometers (10 miles).

These rates will come into effect from 01st January, 1982.

Please acknowledge receipt of this circular letter.

Yours faithfully,

Sgd. G. DE SILVA

TEA COMMISSIONER.

# Copy to:

1. S R:T:2) Director-General, S.L.B
2. General Manager, anawaga Commission
3. All Field Officers
4. Internal Auditor, S.L.T.6
# Specimen foru

# R_E'C_B_I_P_I

Name & Address of Tea Factory

Registration Number

Received 4 BUm of Rsa (in words) . (Rs. ____ cts) from the above factory being payment for ____ kg. of green leaf supplied during the month of 1984.

# Details

|Quantity of Green leaf supplied|____ kg.|
|---|---|
|Rate per kg: payable|Rs ____ cts|
|The total amount payable|X Rs. ____ cts.|

# Deductiong

Rs.
____ cts.

# Advance Paid

# Transport charges

# Balance paid

Signature

Name of supplier

Date