# TRANSLATIun

# Circuler Letter No-+iF / BJ, 62

Sri Lanka- Toa Board Division Sr

Tea Commissioner

P.0.Box 363, Colombo_1

30th August, 1984.

# To

All Registered Tea Manufacturers

# Dear Sir/Madam

# Payment of Reasonable Price for Green Leaf Tea Factories purchased by

Reference is requested to my Circular Letter No.iI/BL.60 of 6th February 1984, regarding the formula for calculating the reasonable price payable for green leaf.

The Government has decided to adopt the following measures:

1. Each Licensed Dealer in green leaf shall be attached to one Bought Leaf factory for the purpose of supplying his collected leaf for manufacture. However, he could deliver leaf to more than one factory by explaining such necessity and obtaining prior approval from the Tea Commissioner.
2. Every Licensed Dealer should submit once a fortnight to the factory allotted to him, the registered number of the tea lands, list of suppliers containing their names and addresses, and the quantity of leaf supplied by each of them.
3. Every Licensed Dealer should obtain in duplicate, receipts for payment made by him to green leaf suppliers and submit the duplicates of such receipts to the concerned factory.

# 3. Every

Commencing from the month of October 1984, you should inform in writing, the supplier who has delivered leaf to the factory direct or through Licensed Dealer, the quantity of green leaf supplied by him during the previous month and the rate payable per kilogramme of leaf. (Specimen form attached)

# Tea Control Act, No.51

In this connection, your attention is drawn to the provisions of the leaf required to maintain wherein Registered Manufacturers purchasing green leaf and obtain declarations on Form TC.19 in support thereof. Documents should be maintained daily and made available for inspection whenever required by field officers of this Department and the Tea Small Holdings Development Authority.

You are also kindly requested to retain the list of leaf suppliers and the duplicate receipts which are delivered to you by the Licensed Dealers for a period of one year, and produce them for inspection whenever required. Specimen to your leaf suppliers should also ensure that the correct rates are paid.

# Also, please inform me on or before 10th September 1984,

the approximate manufacturing capacity for Bought Leaf at your factory in terms of green leaf per day.

Please acknowledge receipt of this circular letter.

Yours faithfully,

Cc to

Sgd/ - G.A.de Silva.

Tea Commissioner.

Internal Auditor

Director General

Sri Lanka Tea Board

General Manager

Officer; TSHDA/ JEDB/SLSPC/ Lac