My No: N/BL.7Q

Sri Lanka Tea Board

P.O.Box 363,

Tea Commissioner's Division,

Colombo

UF TE4

16th July, 1986

Dear Sir/Sirs/Madam,

# (Processing and Hygienic Standards of Made Tea) SRI LANKA TEA BOARD Regulations 1986

I wish to bring to your notice of the above Regulations which have been published in the Government Gazette Extra-Ordinary No.392/8 of 10th March, 1986. These Regulations apply to all persons who are registered manufacturers of Tea under the Tea Control Act No.51, of 1957.

1. In terms of these regulations every such manufacturer of Made Tea shall
- Maintain the factory of such manufacturer in clean and hygienic standards;
- Ensure that the workmen are attired in clean hygienically suitable clothing;
- Ensure proper hygienic standards are maintained in storing and packing of Made Tea to the satisfaction of the Sri Lanka Tea Board, which would contribute to the improvement of the quality of Made Tea.
2. You are therefore hereby requested to comply with these Regulations.
3. Please note that any person who contravenes or fails to comply with any provisions of these Regulations shall be guilty of an offence and shall on conviction before a magistrate be liable to a fine not exceeding Rs. 1,00/-.
4. Kindly acknowledge receipt of this letter in the tear-off below.

Yours faithfully,

Sgd. R.L. Weerasekera.

Actg. Tea Commissioner.

Name of Factory

The Tea Commissioner,

P.O.Box 363,

Colombo,

I hereby acknowledge receipt of your circular letter No. MF,[BHsJo dated 16th July, 1986.