# Sri Lanka Tea Board

# Tea Commissioner & Division

P.O. Box 363

Colombo

12th April 1933

Dear Sir/Madam,

# Payment of Reasonable Price for Green Leaf Purchased by Tea Factories

Reference is requested to my Circular Letter No. NE/6L.57 of 8th March 1983. The Government has decided to increase the Manufacturing Charges on made tea in respect of factories, which realize a monthly nett sale average of Rs. 21/20 and above. The Manufacturing Charges allowed in respect of factories obtaining a monthly nett sale average of Rs. 18/45 and less will be limited to Rs. 4/50 per kilogramme of made tea while the amount remaining after the payment of Rs. 21/20 will be allowed to appropriate manufacturing charges on the balance of green leaf at a price of Rs. 3/10 per kilogramme.

# Circular Letter No. I/BL.50 of 27.11.1979

Which was last amended by my Circular Letter No. I/BL.57 of 9th March 1983, is further amended as follows:

# 2(B)(1) Cost of Manufacture and Profit per Kilogramme of Made Tea:

The amount permitted to be deducted is limited to:

- (a) Rs. 7/25 per kilogramme of made tea when the monthly nett sale average of the factory is Rs. 21/20 and above;
- (b) Rs. 4/51 to Rs. 7/24 per kilogramme of made tea when the monthly nett sale average is Rs. 18/45 but below Rs. 21/20, subject to factory minimum price of Rs. 3/10 per kilogramme of green leaf.
- (c) Rs. 4/50 per kilogramme of made tea when the monthly nett sale average of the factory is Rs. 18/45 and less.

The payment of Rs. 21/20 is also permitted to be deducted as profit.

# 2(B)(ii) Incentive Allowance

The Incentive Scheme will continue to operate when the monthly nett sale average of a factory is Rs. 21/20. Subject to the payment of a minimum price of Rs. 5/10 per kilogramme of green leaf, any factory which realizes a monthly nett sale average over and above the appropriate monthly nett sale average will be entitled to an incentive allowance of 35% of the excess realized.

# Effective Date

The above revision of the reasonable price formula will take effect in respect of payment for green leaf supplied to tea factories on or after 1st March 1983.

# Acknowledgment

Please acknowledge receipt of this Circular.

# cc to:

1. Shp.I.
2. Director General, Sri Lanka Tea Board
3. Internal Auditor
4. All Field Officers
5. General Manager, TSHuA/JEDB/SISPC/Llc

Your faithful,

Tea Commissioner