# ALL IMPORTERS QE FORBIGN IBAS_EOR_BLEIDING AND_EXPOBI

Dear Sir,

# SCHEME FOR IMPORT OF TEAS FOR BLENDING & EXPORT THEREAFTER

IN TERMS OF THE SRI LANKA TEA BOARD (IMPORT & EXPORT) REGULATIONS 1981

Reference dated Circular 28th No. January, TC/VI/ 811994 dated relating to 25th April above 1989 Scheme.

# 1. Further to the above circular, the following types of teas can be imported under the Scheme until further notice:

- (a) CTC Teas - Main grades only - commercially recognized graded teas.
- (b) Speciality Teas - inherent special characteristics in Sri Lankan leaf and liquor teas that are not available in Sri Lanka.

# 2. Under this category, the following teas:

- DARJEELING
- ASSAM
- DECAFFINATED
- TOUCHA TEAS
- ORGANIC
- GREEN TEAS
- OOLONG TEAS

# 3. The following categories will not be permitted for importation:

- (a) Orthodox teas not of a speciality character.
- (b) Any poor quality teas.
- (c) Filler Teas (refer to teas with neutral characteristics).
- (d) Off grade (refer to all secondary grades, except on speciality teas with inherent characteristics).

# 4. Please also note that all teas to be imported should be only for black tea, falling under the parameters of ISO 3720, which is applicable.

# 5. Any clarifications relating to the above could be obtained from the Deputy Tea Commissioner (Exports) tel-584844 or Sri Lanka Tea Board tel-593270.

Yours faithfully,

C.S. Retwette, Chairman

SRI LANKA TEA BOARD

1. S/PI

2. DG.SL Customs

3. D(TPD)

4. TC

5. DTC (Exports)

6. C/CTTA

7. C/CBA

8. SG./PA

9. Chairman/TEA

Date: 19.01.2000