# SRILANKA TEA BOARD

574 Galle Road, Colombo 03, Sri Lanka

Date: 76th May 2011

To All Registered Manufacturers of Tea,

Sirs,

# Tea Auction by Licensed Tea Brokers

With Hand Written Marks and Numbers

It has been observed that brokers of tea prior to the auction and up to the identification marks and numbers on packages so stored and sold discussed in the Board meeting held on 12th February 2011.

In terms of the provision of the Licensing of tea factory with hand written marks:

1. Not to accept any lot from any other sticker pasted.
2. Not to catalogue any lot with hand written Trav. No/s, Garden Marks, Number of packages, Factory Re-Return, Grade etc.
3. Any lot found stored with hand written marks or sticker pasted marks will not be accepted.

The above directives were implemented under the above Regulation.

Telephone: 25,8*8687

Fax: P.O. Box
# The Board

The Board decided that though the above contraventions are the responsibility of all registered manufacturers of tea, the adherence to similar conditions specified in the said By-laws is equally the responsibility of all registered manufacturers/factories. You are therefore required to follow the under mentioned directives:

1. Notify a lot from registered factory with the following details:

- Registration Number
- Grade
- Marks
- Number

2. Any lot found delivered and stored in a warehouse use on behalf of you with handwritten mark: "0i' dick;" will be considered a contravention of the Tea Control Act No. 51 of 1957.

3. Implemented such contraventions: directives are:

- If detected with handwritten marks, permission is granted to repack the matter.

For further clarifications on the subject, please contact:

Yours truly,

E D EIEMARATNE

Director General Board

Sri Lanka Tea Board

Chairman, Colombo Tea Traders Association.

Chairman, Sri Lanka Private Tea Factory Owners Association.

Chairman, The Planters' Association of Colombo.

Chairman, Colombo Brokers Association.

Chairman, Janatha Estate Development Board.

Chairman, Sri Lanka State Plantation Corporation.

Chief Executive Officer, Tea Shakthi Fund.

Managing Director, Kalubovitivana Tea Factories Ltd.

Chairman, Tea Small Holdings Development Authority.

Director, Tea Research Institute.