# SRI LANKA TEA BOARD

# MON TEA

Circular No. OR/1/51

05th July 2010.

To: Chief Executive Officer/ Managing Director of

- Registered Manufacturers of Tea
- Registered Exporters of Tea
- Licensed Produce Brokers of Tea

Sir,

# Damaged Made Tea due to Natural Causes and otherwise

The Sri Lanka Tea Board observes that owners of made tea, in various stages of the disposal channels manage to minimize their losses, due to damages caused to made tea on account of natural causes or otherwise through insurance covers. This loss recovery mechanism culminates with the releasing of a considerable volume of damaged teas, to the export blends through unscrupulous parties. This has tarnished the image of Ceylon Tea abroad, damaging the reputation established by the exporters, over decades of hard work.

Considering the adverse repercussion of the said unethical trading practice, it has decided to monitor such transactions, with immediate effect.

Where any tea is damaged due to natural causes and otherwise that will deem the said tea unfit for sale through approved channels or otherwise, shall be declared by the registered exporter, manufacturer or produce broker to the Sri Lanka Tea Board, within a period of one week from the said incident:

Specimen Form for this purpose is annexed.

No such teas should be released to an insurance company or its agent or any other person without the prior written consent of the Sri Lanka Tea Board.

Sgdodo

Telephone: 2583687

Fax: 2582122

PO.Box: 2589132

HotLine: 2587814

Email: teaboard@pureceylontea.com

Web Site: www.pureceylontea.com

Telegrams: TEABOARD, COLOMBO
# 04.

In the case of any party failing to comply with this directive, its the Director of the liable to be suspended:

Please acknowledge receipt of this Circular:

Yours truly,

IMU

HiHemaratne

Director General

Sri Lanka Tea Board

# Copy:

1. Chairman, Insurance Board of Sri Lanka:
2. Chairman, Colombo Tea Traders Association:
3. Chairman, Tea Exporters Association:
4. Chairman, Colombo Brokers Association.
5. Chairman, The Planters Association of Ceylon:
6. Chairman, Private Tea Factory Owners Association.
7. Chairman, Association of Small & Medium Exporters of Tea:
8. Tea Promotion, TPD
9. Director
10. Acting Tea Commissioner:
11. Deputy Tea Commissioner (Exports Deputy Director (Tech:) Tea Tasting Unit:
12. Assistant Director (Lab):
13. Managing Directors/CEOs of all Insurance Companies.
# Application for Approval to Dispose of Damaged Made Tea due to Natural Causes and/or otherwise

1. Name and Address of the Applicant: -

2. Name and address of the owner of Tea:

3. (a) How was the damaged caused?

(b) When was the damage happened?

4. Details of damaged Teas: -

|Identification Mark & Numbers|Date of Sale/Bro. Lot No./Inv. No|Grade|Packages and No. of Tea|Quantity Total Net weight (Kg)|Location of Damaged Tea Address|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| | |(If the space above is not sufficient enough please use attachment as per the above table)| | | |

5. Name and Address of the Insurance Company:

6. Insurance Policy No. & date and date of expiry:

7. Damaged Teas stored in the premises for what purpose: -

I/We hereby declare that the information furnished above are true and accurate and assured the salvaged teas are not disposed without written approval from the Sri Lanka Tea Board.

Signature of the applicant/Owner of damaged tea                                           Date: