# TKANSLATION

# REGISTERED POST

# SRI LANKA TEA BOARD

# CONFIDENTIAL

To: All Registered Manufacturers of Tea

From: The Chairman, Sri Lanka Tea Board

# INTRODUCTION OF POISONOUS SUBSTANCES TO TEA

The country are attempting rumours to introduce poisonous substances into our teas. As you are aware; there are afloat that persons who wish to harm the image of Ceylon Tea. It is opportune for us to take special precautions now to prevent any such attempts. In order to safeguard ourselves in this matter, you are requested to take the following measures:

1. Unauthorized persons bringing in any chemicals that special attention be paid to prevent any into the tea factory;
2. That no persons be permitted to consume food within the factory;
3. That factory personnel be well screened before they enter the factory;
4. That necessary; in certain factories to provide extra locked bins; that fired tea be graded as soon as possible;
5. That factory workers be selected on the basis of absolute reliability;
6. That all factory staff be screened and checked out with the Police in order to determine whether they are connected with the Army or the terrorist movement;
7. That special precautionary measures be taken to ensure that tea in transit or storage are not tampered with. You may also inform your Selling Brokers accordingly;
8. It will always be useful to evolve a system which will enable us to check back in case an incident occurs. Documentation should be improved so it is possible to identify the dates on which particular invoice was packed, and which members of the staff were responsible for dealing with it;
9. The problems should be studied adequately by Superintendents and others and appropriate systems evolved.

Please acknowledge receipt.

574 = Colombo 5, Galle Road

10th January, 1986.

Sgd. H.D.T. Bodhidasa

SRI LANKA TEA BOARD CHAIRMAN