# BYDOLOFL TEA COMMISSIONER'S DIVISION

# TCRIC/2010 -1

# 03.11.2010

To All Registered Manufacturers of Tea

Dear Sir;

# Payment of Reasonable Price for Green Leaf Purchased by Tea Factories

Your kind attention is drawn to my circular letter No TCMR/Z of 29th July 2009 under the same subject. The Sri Lanka Tea Board had its meeting held on 01st November 2010 and has decided to use monthly elevational average based on their registered processing methods for computation and payment of reasonable price for green tea leaf in the following manner:

- Tea Factories manufactured only orthodox tea should use monthly elevational sales average for orthodox tea.
- Tea Factories manufactured only CTC tea should use monthly elevational sales average for CTC tea.
- Tea Factories manufactured as dual CTC and Orthodox manufacturers should use combined elevational sales average for Orthodox and CTC.
- Tea Factories engaged in manufacture of Green tea and Organic tea should use Orthodox elevational sales average.

Nonecompliances of the above directives shall be an offence under the Section 82 of the Tea Control Act No. 51 of 1957 as amended and will be liable to appropriate legal action against the offended registered manufacturers of tea.

Please acknowledge the receipt of this circular letter.

Yours truly,

T{8 Jayantha Edirisinghe

Acting Tea Commissioner

# Copy:

1. Secretary / MPI
2. Chairman, Planters' Association of Ceylon - Please circulate to all RPC
3. Chairman, General/ PTFOA - Please circulate to all members
4. Hon. President - Federation of Tea Smallholder Development Society.
5. Chairman, JEDB/SLSPC /TSHDA
6. Chairman, Colombo Brokers' Association;
7. Chairman, Colombo Tea Traders' Association
8. Chairman, SLTB
9. Chairman, Tea Shakthi Fund
10. Chief Internal Auditor, SLTB
11. Chairman, Kalubovitiyana Tea Factories Ltd
12. Asst Tea Commissioners/OIC Regional Office

Galle Road, Colombo 03

Tel: 2580182, 2587814, 2584845, 2580161

Fax: 2580161

Email: nm@pureceylonteacom