# Circular No. TCIR/2004/1

Sri Lanka Tea Board

Tea Commissioner's Division

574, Galle Road,

Colombo 3.

21st October 2004.

# TO:

ALL REGISTERED TEA MANUFACTURERS & LICENSED DEALERS IN GREEN TEA LEAF

Dear Sir/Madam,

# COST OF TRANSPORT OF GREEN TEA LEAF

1. I refer to my Circular Nos. MIBL 151 of 29th June 2001 and MFMBL 152 of 10 August 2004.
2. You are hereby informed that the amounts allowed to be deducted as transport charges for green leaf by Registered Tea Manufacturers/Licensed Green Tea Leaf Dealers have been revised as follows:
3. - Distance to the factory is 08 kilometers (05 miles) and less. Amount not exceeding Rs 1.05 per kilogramme of green leaf transported.
- Distance to the factory is more than 08 kilometers (05 miles) but less than or equal to 16 kilometers (10 miles). Amount not exceeding Rs 1.20 per kilogramme of green leaf transported for the full distance.
- Distance to the factory is more than 16 kilometers (10 miles) but less than or equal to 24 kilometers (15 miles). Amount not exceeding Rs 1.50 per kilogramme of green leaf transported for the full distance.
- Rs. 1 & 50 cents is allowed for deduction as transport charges beyond a distance of 24 kilometers. Transport of green tea leaf beyond this distance subjects it to post-harvest damage.

These rates will come into force with retrospective effect from 1st October 2004.
4. Please comply with this directive.
5. Please consider circulars MFIBL 151 (29.06.2004) and MFIBL 152 (10.08.2004) as cancelled.

Yours faithfully,

Nimal Udlugampola

Actg: Tea Commissioner

# CC:

1. Secretary, Ministry of Plantation Industries
2. Chairman, Sri Lanka Tea Board
3. Chairman, JEDB/SLSPCITSHA
4. Regional Asst Tea Commissioner & Tea Instructor/Inspector
5. President, PTFOA
6. Secretary General, PA
7. Hon Secretary, Low Country Products Association of Ceylon
8. Colombo Tea Traders Association
9. All Brokers