# SRILANKA TEABOARD

# Tea Export Section

654, Galle Road

Colombo 3

20th December 2001

# TO: ALL REGISTERED EXPORTERS OF TEA

Sirs,

AT THE TEA EXPORT SECTION OF THE SRILANKA TEA BOARD PROCEDURES RELATED TO EXPORT OF TEA 16 of 1959 & are required to adhere to the following procedures; which have been extracted from the All exporters of tea who are registered under the Tea (Tax & Control of Exports) Act.

# Circulars addressed to registered exporters of tea from time to time and still in force:

# Registration of Customs Goods Declaration

CUSDEC Form at the Tea Export Section (Circular No. April 49952)

CUSDEC Form in duplicate at the time of lodgement.

The Export Section of the Sri Lanka Tea Board registers the Customs Goods Declaration (Tea Board copy and the Security copy) of the CUSDEC Form indicating that the relevant consignment will be subjected to pre-shipment sampling. In case where the consignment cannot be subjected to pre-shipment sampling, the endorsement "NOT SELECTED FOR SAMPLING" will be made in both copies of the CUSDEC Form; if any consignment is selected for sampling, the respective security copy of the CUSDEC Form will not be accepted by the Customs for processing until the stipulated period of two working days (48 hours) from the time of lodgement of the CUSDEC Form at the Tea Export Section has lapsed.

In instances where the consignments are not selected for sampling, the relevant security copy of the CUSDEC Form will be accepted by the Customs for processing documents within the stipulated 48 hour period mentioned above. After the expiry of the 48 hour period, the security copy of the CUSDEC Form may be accepted by the Customs for processing documents even if the sampling of the consignment had not been carried out by the Tea Export Section.

# Subsequent Modification to the procedure for registration of CUSDEC Forms

which are selected for pre-shipment sampling but are not packed and available for sampling within the stipulated 48 hour period is detailed below.
# SHPMENT SAMPLNNG

The Tea Board copy &d "ONEY FOR DOCDOMENTATIONSPIFOS] TO PRE: Tea Commissioner write security copy %f tue CUSDEC Form Qablng temake be endorsement PURPOSES" on both.

Even though the consignment is not packed and ready for shipment, the exporter is to finalize all documentation for the legality of the customs.

In it will make an endorsement.

NOTE TO BE PASSED UNTIL The Customs security copy of the CUSDEC form.

THE SHIPMENT IS AUTHORIZED BY THE SRI LANKA TEA BOARD on the security copy %f the CUSDEC Form confirming the readiness of the consignment.

At the time the consignment is fully packed and ready, the exporter should re-lodge for sampling indicating the location of the consignment.

SHIPMENT AUTHORIZED.

Further to drawing of samples, an endorsement "SAMPLES DRAWN Form by the Tea Commissioner enabling the exporter to move the consignment to the Port after necessary Customs checks.

# 1.2 Purchase of Items for Export

Channels; i.e., Auction Private Treaty, Forward Contract & Direct Sale.

All teas utilized for export consignments should be procured through approved Section (Circular No: TCNVTS(V) dated 20th June 1994).

Purchase Statement CUSDEC Form at the time of lodgment at the Goods declaration.

Form PD should be submitted together with the Customs Tea Export attached: herewith.

In case the purchases are through Private Sale/Direct Sale, a specimen format is copies of "Panel valuation certificate Certification certificate should be furnished.

# 1.3 Minimum Quality Standard - ISO 3720 at the Point of Exports

All teas prepared for exports should be above ISO standards for Black tea and Green tea free of any contamination and suitable for exports; No authorization will be given for export of teas which do not comply with the required quality parameters.

If the Government Analysts Department confirms that any teas prepared for export by any registered exporter of tea are below the Minimum Quality Standard and/or are contaminated, such analytical costs will be recovered from the exporter concerned.

If the Government Analysts Department confirms that any teas which have been stored by registered exporters of tea intending to utilize them for export purposes or otherwise, are below the Minimum Quality Standard and/or are contaminated, such analytical costs will be recovered from the exporter concerned.

If the Government Analysts Department confirms that any teas which have been received from overseas are below the Minimum Quality Standard with excessive amounts of iron filings or any other extraneous matter, such analytical costs will be recovered from the exporter concerned.
# 1.4 Use of Lion Logo

Director, Tea Promotion Bureau

Any Person who wishes to use the Lion Logo should obtain the franchise rights from the Caddies etc.

The use of Lion Logo on consumer packaging is not allowed and exporters are hereby requested to refrain from using the Lion Logo on any item of packaging containing bulk tea.

In order to maintain standards, you are requested to declare whether the usage of Lion Logo has been used or not used on the reverse side of the CUSDEC Forms.

(Circular No CTEPVSTESS dated 29th November 1993)

Necessary approval for the use of Lion Logo should be obtained prior to export.

# 1.5 Submission of Statements

Submission of statement of purchases and utilization of teas (Ref OR/L/120 of 26th April 1994) by registered exporters should be furnished to the Commissioner (Exports) on or before the tenth day of the following month in the format (Form ABU annexed herewith).

Statement of Actual Exports

The statement of exports in Form AE should be furnished fortnightly as per Form AE (Ref TCEENVB of 27th May 1995; the Circular No. TCIENV8 of 23rd April 2001 which is annexed herewith).

# 1.6 Renewal of Export License and Registration as Packer of Tea

Renewal of the registration as "exporter of tea" and as "packer" should be done annually. A renewal fee is Rs. 500/- each for a consecutive period of 12 months. The registration will be cancelled if the exporter does not export any teas for a consecutive period of 12 months.
# Services (Rel_Circular_No_YLE dated December 1992)

# Registration

As an exporter of tea

|Fresh application|Rs. 5000/=|
|---|---|
|Renewal of Export License fee, annually for registered exporters of tea|Rs. 500/=|
|Customs Goods Declaration - CUSDEC Form Lodgement Registration fee|Rs. 100/=|
|Issue of permit to import tea under the regulations|Rs. 500/=|
|Issue of certificates|Rs. 250/= per certificate|
|Sale of applications for import re-export under the regulation|Rs. 20/= per set|
|Private Sale Ratification fee for tea|Rs. 100/= per each grade|

# Note

Testing and other subjects a separate circular in this regard will be available in due course:

Commissioner (Exports) or the undersigned

If clarification is required regarding the above procedures you may contact the Deputy Tea Commissioner.