# Bouoni Gumqj

# Sri LANKA TEA BOARD

# Tea Commission

# Sri Lanka Tea Board

# Colombo 03, 282/1

# TEA COMMISSIONER'S DIVISION

Rel: TCIENVVX

11th September 2001

TO: ALL REGISTERED EXPORTERS OF TEA

Sir,

# EXPORT OF TEA

It is observed that exporters prepared their consignment of tea for exportation especially in bulk without identifying the package/packaging chest by using a running number/Lot which will identify shipping marks and Nos. Due to the above reason, the slip should prepare their cargo in part shipments. Other details without indicating package numbers for monitoring purposes.

This will be a problem at the point of pre-shipment sampling to identify the actual cargo. Follow the under-mentioned procedure with immediate effect.

In order to carry out pre-shipment sampling effectively, you are hereby informed to:

1. Running number should be stenciled on each and every bulk package or case up to the total number of packages of the contract.
2. Be continued without duplication.
3. In case of partial shipment under the same contract, the running number should be under marks and numbers of the CUSDEC range of the package numbers. Lot Nos. should be declared.

Consignment completed and shipped both you and the Tea Board officials. The above system would facilitate to identify the actual number of packages of the consignment. Therefore, requested to comply with the above requirement prior to confirming the date for pre-shipment sampling of our officers.

Yours truly,

FD HHEMARATNE

COMMISSIONER TEA

CC:

- Chairman Director General SLTB
- Director; TPD
- Chairman Tea Exporters' Association
- Chairman; Colombo Tea Traders Association
- DTC (Exports)

Tcl: 301058

Fax: 564826, 584844