# The Gazette of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka EXTRAORDINARY

# No. 2248/36 - Wednesday, October 06, 2021

(Published by Authority)

# PART I : SECTION (I) — GENERAL

# Government Notifications

L. d. b. 2/1976 (iii).

# SRI LANKA TEA BOARD LAW No. 14 Of 1975

Regulations made by the Sri Lanka Tea Board under section 25 of the Sri Lanka Tea Board Law No. 14 of 1975 and approved by the Minister of Plantation.

Jayampathy Molligoda,

Chairman,

Sri Lanka Tea Board.

Colombo,

15th September, 2021.

# Regulations

The Sri Lanka Tea Board (Registration of Tea Packers) Regulations, 1986 published in Gazette Extraordinary No. 386/13 dated January 28, 1986, as amended from time to time are hereby further amended as follows:

1a- PG 5568 - 445 (10/2021)

This Gazette Extraordinary can be downloaded from www.documents.gov.lk
# Part I : Sec. (I) - GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY OF THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA - 06.10.2021

# 1

by the substitution for regulation 4(b) thereof of the following regulation:-

“(b) a registration fee shall be paid in respect of each registration made under these regulations as follows:

|(i)|large scale local tea packer|- twenty Five thousand rupees (rs. 25,000);|
|---|---|---|
|(ii)|Medium scale local tea packer|- ten thousand rupees (rs. 10,000);|
|(iii)|small scale local tea packer|- Five thousand rupees (rs. 5,000);|
|(iv)|Export Tea packer|- Twenty-ﬁve Thousand Rupees (Rs. 25,000).|

# 2

by the substitution for regulation 6 thereof, of the following regulation:-

“6 (1) every registration of tea packers under these regulations shall be renewable annually on or before the January 31st of relevant year.

(2) a renewal fee shall be paid for each such renewals as follows:-

|(i)|large scale local tea packer|- ten thousand rupees (rs. 10,000);|
|---|---|---|
|(ii)|Medium scale local tea packer|- Five thousand rupees (rs. 5,000);|
|(iii)|small scale local tea packer|- two thousand Five Hundred rupees (rs. 2,500);|
|(iv)|export tea packer|- ten thousand rupees (rs. 10,000).|

# 3

by the substitution for the deﬁnition of expression “packer” of the following deﬁnitions:-

“large scale local tea packer” means a person or body of persons whose monthly sales volume is over Five Thousand kilograms (5000kg);

“medium scale local tea packer” means a person or body of persons whose monthly sales volume is over Two thousand Five Hundred kilograms (2500kg) up to Five thousand kilograms (5000kg);

“small scale local tea packer” means a person or body of persons whose monthly sales volume is up to Two Thousand Five Hundred kilograms (2500kg);

“export tea packer” means a person or body of persons who packs tea in consumer or catering packs not exceeding Five kilograms (5kg) in such containers as cartons, canisters packets, wooden boxes, cans, porcelain jars, reed packs or any other form of retail packing for export;

10-254

Printed at the Department of Government Printing, Sri Lanka.