# The Gazette of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka EXTRAORDINARY

# No. 2397/27 - Tuesday, August 13, 2024

(Published by Authority)

# PART I : SECTION (I) — GENERAL

# Government Notifications

# THE WAGES BOARDS ORDINANCE

# Notification

Wages Board for the Rubber Growing and Raw Rubber Manufacturing Trade

In accordance with the provisions of section 28 of the Wages Board ordinance (chapter 136) the Wages Board for the Rubber Growing and Raw Rubber Manufacturing Trade hereby notifies that the Board by virtue of the powers vested in it by Section 30 of the aforesaid Ordinance, propose to vary the decisions mentioned in the Schedule hereto, as specified in that schedule.

Objections to the aforesaid proposal will be received by the chairman of the Board until 12.00 noon on 28th August 2024.

Every objection should be submitted in writing with a statement indicating the reasons for such objection.

H. K. K. A. JAYASUNDARA,

Chairman,

Wages Board for the Rubber Growing and Raw Rubber Manufacturing Trade.

Department of Labour,

Colombo 05,

13th August, 2024.

1a - g 42479 - 09 (08/2024)

This Gazette Extraordinary can be downloaded from www.documents.gov.lk
# Part I: Sec. (I) - GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY OF THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA - 13.08.2024

# Schedule

The Part II of the Wages Board for the rubber growing and raw rubber Manufacturing trade set out in the schedule to the notification published in Gazette Extraordinary No. 10047 of 25th November 1949, as varied from time to time and last varied by the notification published in Gazette Extraordinary No.: 2217/37 of 05th March 2021, shall be further varied by the substitution of the following new part.

# Part II

# The Minimum Rate of Daily Wage for Time Work

|Description|Payment|
|---|---|
|Daily Wage|rs. 1350.00|
|(this amount includes the daily budgetary relief allowance and should be applied for payment of employee Provident fund and employee trust fund)| |
|Productivity based incentive|rs. 350.00|
|Total Daily Wage|rs. 1,700.00|

eog 08 - 0177/ 1

# WAGES BOARDS ORDINANCE

# Notification

Wages Board for the tea growing and manufacturing trade

In accordance with the provisions of section 28 of the Wages Board ordinance (chapter 136) the Wages Board for the tea Growing and Manufacturing Trade hereby notifies that the Board by virtue of the powers vested in it by Section 30 of the aforesaid Ordinance, propose to vary the decisions mentioned in the Schedule hereto, as specified in that Schedule.

Objections to the aforesaid proposal will be received by the chairman of the Board until 12.00 noon on 28th August 2024.

Every objection should be submitted in writing with a statement indicating the reasons for such objection.

H. K. K. A. JAyAsundArA,

Chairman,

Wages Board for the tea growing and Manufacturing trade.

Department of Labour,

Colombo 05,

13th August, 2024.

# Schedule

The Part II of the Wages Board for the Tea Growing and Manufacturing Trade set out in the Schedule to the notification published in Gazette Extraordinary No. 9441 of 31st July 1945, as varied from time to time and last varied by the notification published in Gazette Extraordinary No.: 2217/37 of 05th March 2021, shall be further varied by the substitution of the following new part.
# Part I : Sec. (I) - GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY OF THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA - 13.08.2024

# Part II

# The Minimum Rate of Daily Wage for Time Work

|Description|Payment|
|---|---|
|daily Wage|rs. 1,350.00|
|(this amount includes the daily budgetary relief allowance and should be applied for payment of employee Provident fund and employee trust fund)| |
|Productivity based incentive|rs. 350.00|
|total daily Wage|rs. 1,700.00|

eog 08 - 0177/ 2

PRINTED at THE DEPARTMENT OF GOVERNMENT PRINTING, SRI LANKA.