# The Gazette of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka EXTRAORDINARY

# No. 2401/24 - Thursday, September 12, 2024

(Published by Authority)

# PART I : SECTION (I) — GENERAL

# Government Notifications

# THE WAGES BOARDS ORDINANCE

# Notification

Tea Growing and Manufacturing Trade

It is hereby notified under Section 29(3) of the Wages Board Ordinance (Chapter 136), that the decisions of the Wages Board for the Tea Growing and Manufacturing Trade made under Section 30 of that Ordinance and specified in the Schedule hereto have been approved by the Minister of Labour and Foreign Employment.

The decision shall come into force from 10th of September, 2024.

R. P. A. Wimalaweera,

Secretary,

Ministry of Labour and Foreign Employment.

Department of Labour,

“Mehewara Piyesa”,

Colombo 05,

12th September 2024.

1a- G 42688 - 54 (09/2024)

This Gazette Extraordinary can be downloaded from www.documents.gov.lk
# Part I : Sec. (I) - GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY OF THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA - 12.09.2024

# Schedule

The Part II of the Wages Board for the Tea Growing and Manufacturing Trade set out in the schedule to the notification published in Gazette Extraordinary No. 9441 of 31st July 1945 as varied from time to time and last varied by the notification published in Gazette Extraordinary No. 2217/37 of 05th March 2021, shall be further varied by the substitution of the following new part.

# PART II

# The Minimum rate of daily wage for time work

|i. Minimum Daily Wage|-|Rs. 1350.00|
|---|---|---|
|(This amount includes the daily budgetary relief allowance and should be applied for payment of Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' Trust Fund)|(This amount includes the daily budgetary relief allowance and should be applied for payment of Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' Trust Fund)|(This amount includes the daily budgetary relief allowance and should be applied for payment of Employees' Provident Fund and Employees' Trust Fund)|
|ii. For each kilogram plucked above the Norm|-|Rs. 50.00|

Wages Board decided to implement this decision for three years commencing from 10th September, 2024.

# ThE WAGES BOARDS ORDINANCE

# Notification

RUBBER CULTIVATION AND RAW RUBBER PROCESSING trade

it is hereby notified under Section 29(3) of the Wages Board Ordinance (Chapter 136), that the decisions of the Wages Board for the Rubber Cultivation and Raw Rubber Processing Trade, made under Section 30 of that Ordinance and specified in the Schedule hereto have been approved by Hon. Minister of Labour and Foreign Employment.

The decision shall come into force from 10th of September, 2024

r. p. a. Wimalaweera,

Secretary,

Ministry of Labour and Foreign Employment.

Department of Labour,

“Mehewara Piyesa”,

colombo 05,

12th September 2024.
# Part I : Sec. (I) - GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY OF THE DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST REPUBLIC OF SRI LANKA - 12.09.2024

# SCHEDULE

The Part II of the Wages Board for the Rubber Cultivation and Raw Rubber Processing Trade set out in the schedule to the notification published in Gazette Extraordinary No. 10047 of 25th November, 1949 as varied from time to time and last varied by the notification published in Gazette Extraordinary No. 2217/37 of 05th March 2021, shall be further varied by the substitution of the following new part.

# PART II

# The minimum rate of daily wage for time work

|i.|Minimum Daily Wage|-|Rs. 1350.00|
|---|---|---|---|
| |(This amount includes the daily budgetary relief allowance and should be applied for payment of Employees, Provident Fund and Employees' Trust Fund)|(This amount includes the daily budgetary relief allowance and should be applied for payment of Employees, Provident Fund and Employees' Trust Fund)|(This amount includes the daily budgetary relief allowance and should be applied for payment of Employees, Provident Fund and Employees' Trust Fund)|
|ii.|For each kilogram brought above the Norm|-|rs. 50.00|

Wages Board decided to implement this decision for three years commencing from 10th September, 2024.

eoG - 09 - 0097/ 2

PRINTED aT THE DEPaRTMENT OF GOvERNMENT PRINTING, SRI LaNKa.